hello everybody I got a request to make
an update video of my Toyota just the
new year's update so so I'm doing and I
recently got these screen for my GoPro
so I could actually frame a shot now
thanks
so yeah not much has changed with it
just the valves again when it was hot so
quieter running nice put up see quiet I
had to replace the clutch master
cylinder and got top off the fluid
today I'm undoing all changing
everything but had to change the clutch
master and the clutch slave of course
the day that I had to do it was a day
that it was gonna snow because that's
just my luck so I did in the snow
couldn't wear gloves because I have no
dexterity with gloves kind of socked but
oh well I got it done I got the sled
here so I can go and eat my chocolate up
getting soaked
place on the right
yeah pors holding up very nicely some
places it's uh coming off that right
there that's probably just - I couldn't
be greets that area as much as I would
like I can cut the area much as I would
have liked better that's holding up
great brain still looks like today I did
it got dirt on it so obviously become a
little faded I didn't coat the frame
which I wanted to I wanted to coat the
frame with oil and spray inside the
rails before winter I haven't done that
yet I can still do it now I probably
will I'm still looking good though I put
I just used rubberized undercoating over
the top of this over the PIO are to
protect from the UV rays so that's good
bumpers holding up nice know what she's
there runs great
nothing's holding up good interior is a
little dirty cuz I haven't been able to
clean it because the winter I can't get
a shot back out here but yep interior is
still looking good solvent done anything
- sound system so I'm done anything that
way but everything's holding up nice
like I said the clutch slave and master
was pain in the ass to do in the winter
but got it done
got to clean the terminals and I don't
know what else I could explain
everything about it seems it was I don't
know if I mentioned some last day but I
don't think I did I did this and
herculiner as well the school bumper
cover on the bottom so did that don't
remember if I told you guys that or not
so I forgot to tell you now but
everything works great it handles
wonderful in the snow four-wheel drive
works awesome I highly recommend the
Toyota to people if they plan on keeping
up with the frame because the frames on
these do you like to rot but if you stop
it and take care of it like I have it
should last you forever but yeah pretty
much basically with any vehicle if you
have a harsh winter like this kind of
rot but just take care of it you should
be all set thank you for watching guys
appreciate all the subscribers I believe
I have 119 now which is good getting up
there I will be setting up the dirt bike
for ice riding soon I think I'll
probably do the Y Z since I did the K X
for two years in a row try though I Z
out on the ice you know stay tuned you
know just keep looking for new videos
from me and I'll try to upload them
every week but with this weather it's
been hard to get riding because these
trails over here are snowmobile trails
and I can't ride my dirt bike on the
winter kids people get pissed and game
wardens and grabs that crap so yeah I'll
keep posted on this thank you very much
for watching have a wonderful 2012
didn't really say Happy New Year's to
anybody but happy late New Year's and
have a good one guys see you later